Fixing broken links (#16500)
apache/incubator-mxnet: docs/python_docs/python/tutorials/packages/gluon/blocks/nn.md

other Pythonic things going on in what is supposed to be a high performance
deep learning library. The problems of Python's [Global Interpreter
Lock](https://wiki.python.org/moin/GlobalInterpreterLock) are well
known.

In the context of deep learning, we often have highly performant GPUs that
depend on CPUs running Python to tell them what to do. This mismatch can
manifest in the form of GPU starvation when the CPUs can not provide
instruction fast enough. We can improve this situation by deferring to a more
performant language instead of Python when possible.

Gluon does this by allowing for [Hybridization](hybridize.html). In it, the
Python interpreter executes the block the first time it's invoked. The Gluon
runtime records what is happening and the next time around it short circuits
any calls to Python. This can accelerate things considerably in some cases but

> care needs to be taken with [control flow](/api/python/getting-started/crash-course/3-autograd.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
care needs to be taken with [control flow](/api/python/docs/tutorials/packages/autograd/index.html#Advanced:-Using-Python-control-flow).
```
